negative,I think this bolsters my arguments that both England and the Da Vinci Code sucks...
negative,And better..-We all know Da Vinci code is bogus and inaccurate.
negative,I really hate The Da Vinci Code.
negative,The more you say The Da Vinci Code is evil
negative,da vinci code sucked too long and too slow.....
negative,Da Vinci Code sucked
negative,not sure if i already threw this at you but I hate the Da Vinci Code.
negative,This is why I hate the Da Vinci Code: because it takes nothing but a fucking pop culture phenomenon to get people to question things.
negative,I hate the Da Vinci Code
negative,Da Vinci Code really did suck and congrats on beating Jay it must of been like that time at Rickards when we beat them in the finals.
negative,The Da Vinci Code sucks.
negative,I hated The Da Vinci Code.
negative,I hate the Da Vinci Code
negative,I know Da Vinci Code is going to suck.
negative,The Da Vinci Code sucks..
negative,I also think The Da Vinci Code sucked balls and it's the worst piece of shit I've ever read.
negative,Thank God Someone Has Sense I hate The Da Vinci Code.
negative,RACHEL you could of told me your nans a libarian before i said i hated'The da vinci code '!!
negative,The Da Vinci code sucks and is also a page turner...
negative,then was the da vinci code
negative,I hated The Da Vinci Code.
negative,I hated The Da Vinci Code.
negative,the da vinci code sucks btw..
negative,I hate the Da Vinci Code..
negative,i fucking hated the da vinci code.
negative,"we wanted to watch "" The Da Vinci Code "" but the timings sucked so we ended up going fer "" Runaway Vacation "" which is a really good movie..!"
negative,Had an interesting conversation with one of the professors I work for about how Da Vinci Code sucks...
negative,ERM da vinci code and it sucked...
negative,ERM da vinci code and it sucked..
negative,ERM da vinci code and it sucked.
negative,I overslept though so jenn and i didn't get to see the da vinci code which sucked and now i have no money so yeah maybe later.
negative,DA VINCI CODE-SUCKED BALLZ.
negative,well DA VINCI CODE SUCKS!!
negative,The Da Vinci Code sucked ass if you're wondering.
negative,Da Vinci Code sucks...
negative,I hate the Da Vinci Code
negative,about how much i hate the da vinci code.
negative,And I absolutely loathe the Da Vinci Code.
negative,I hated the da vinci code...
negative,The Da Vinci Code sucked
negative,the da vinci code sucked lol...
negative,I forgot how much I hated Da Vinci Code.
negative,everyone said the da vinci code sucks ass = \.
negative,lol nd i heard da vinci code sucks..
negative,Da Vinci Code it is suck
negative,Da Vinci Code sucks.
negative,I HATED Da Vinci Code!
