positive,The Da Vinci Code book is just awesome.
positive,i liked the Da Vinci Code a lot.
positive,i liked the Da Vinci Code a lot.
positive,I liked the Da Vinci Code but it ultimatly didn't seem to hold it's own.
positive,that's not even an exaggeration ) and at midnight we went to Wal-Mart to buy the Da Vinci Code
positive,I loved the Da Vinci Code
positive,i thought da vinci code was great
positive,The Da Vinci Code is actually a good movie...
positive,I thought the Da Vinci Code was a pretty good book.
positive,The Da Vinci Code is one of the most beautiful movies ive ever seen.
positive,The Da Vinci Code is an * amazing * book
positive,then I turn on the light and the radio and enjoy my Da Vinci Code.
positive,The Da Vinci Code was REALLY good.
positive,i love da vinci code....
positive,i loved da vinci code..
positive,TO NIGHT:: THE DA VINCI CODE AND A BEAUTIFUL MIND...
positive,THE DA VINCI CODE is AN AWESOME BOOK....
positive,very da vinci code slash amazing race.
positive,Hey I loved The Da Vinci Code!..
positive,also loved the da vinci code..
positive,I really enjoyed the Da Vinci Code but thought I would be disappointed in the other books & # 8230;.
positive,I do like Angels and Demons more then The Da Vinci Code.
positive,The Da Vinci Code was a really good movie.
positive,I really like The Da Vinci Code.
positive,Da Vinci Code is amazing.
positive,The Da Vinci Code was awesome...
positive,The Da Vinci Code's backtory on various religious historical figures and such were interesting at times
positive,Book ( s ): I love The Da Vinci Code..
positive,And then we went to see The Da Vinci Code
positive,I love the Da Vinci Code.
positive,Da Vinci code is awesome!
positive,The Da Vinci Code is awesome.
positive,The Da Vinci Code is SUCH an awesome book!
positive,I LOVE THE DA VINCI CODE...
positive,I loved The Da Vinci Code.
positive,the da vinci code is awesome!
positive,oh so beautiful Da Vinci Code...
positive,i loved the da vinci code.
positive,The Da Vinci Code is an awesome book.
positive,Da vinci code is an awesome book.
positive,I miss ripping acoustic music and the Da Vinci Code...
positive,looks amazingly fun and possibly a bit cold... [ don't tell anyone ] but da vinci code is an awesome book.
positive,Da Vinci Code is of course a awesome book
positive,"I love "" The Da Vinci Code!"
positive,i LOVED the Da Vinci Code.
positive,da vinci code is awesome.
positive,I love The Da Vinci Code.
positive,the da vinci code is awesome!
positive,omg i love the da vinci code that is such an awesome book!
positive,The Da Vinci Code is an awesome book...
negative,da vinci code was a terrible movie.
negative,i thought the da vinci code movie was really boring.
negative,Da Vinci Code does suck.
